bindings generated with Clang.jl (#49)
trixi-framework/P4est.jl: docs/src/introduction.md

# Introduction

Installation instructions and first usage examples are shown on the
[main page](@ref P4est.jl). This page collects some additional examples and

> translation rules from the C library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translation guidelines from the C library
```
Sounds a little less imposing :-)

Author: 0e3bf48

[`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est) to its Julia wrapper
[P4est.jl](https://github.com/trixi-framework/P4est.jl).

## High-level overview of the setup

The Julia bindings of [`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est) are
generated using [Clang.jl](https://github.com/JuliaInterop/Clang.jl). This

> process is described in the `dev` folder of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process is described in the [`dev`](https://github.com/trixi-framework/P4est.jl/tree/main/dev) folder of
```

[P4est.jl](https://github.com/trixi-framework/P4est.jl). Since all MPI datatypes
are mapped to types from MPI.jl, the generated bindings are agnostic of the
local MPI installation. Hence, there should be no need to generate new bindings

> as a user. If there are problems, please let us know, e.g., via the issue
> tracker on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a user. If there are problems, please let us know, e.g., by
[creating on issue](https://github.com/trixi-framework/P4est.jl/issues/new) on GitHub.
```

New bindings only need to be generated for a new version of
[`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est) that comes with a different
API. We will probably provide some new bindings when we learn about this.

> ## Translation rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Translation guidelines
```

Author: 0e3bf48

Many functions of [`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est) work with
pointers, e.g.,

```C
int p4est_connectivity_is_valid (p4est_connectivity_t * connectivity);
```

or return pointers to newly created `struct`s, e.g.,

```C
p4est_connectivity_t *p4est_connectivity_new_periodic (void);
```

[P4est.jl](https://github.com/trixi-framework/P4est.jl) wraps these C
functions accordingly and works with pointers. We also follow the naming
scheme of [`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est). For example,
we use `connectivity::Ptr{p4est_connectivity}`. However, it is sometimes
useful/required to also load the wrappers of the C `struct`s from their
pointers. In this case, we use the naming convention to append `_obj`, e.g.,

> `connectivity_obj = unsafe_load(connectivity)`. A full example is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`connectivity_obj = unsafe_load(connectivity)`. A full example is given here:
```

```@repl

> using P4est, MPI; MPI.Init()

Reviewer: This [yields](https://trixi-framework.github.io/P4est.jl/previews/PR49/introduction/#Translation-rules):
<img width="575" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3637659/209310678-d292436b-f9cc-448a-bb5c-09a0f3619c97.png">
Maybe need to add MPI.jl to the `[deps]` in `docs/Project.toml`?

Author: Good point. Done in 418e550

connectivity = p4est_connectivity_new_periodic()
@doc(p4est_connectivity)
connectivity_obj = unsafe_load(connectivity)
connectivity_obj.num_vertices
connectivity_obj.num_trees
connectivity_obj.num_corners
p4est_connectivity_destroy(connectivity)
```

### Note on MPI datatypes

MPI types used by [`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est) are mapped
to the types provided by [MPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaParallel/MPI.jl).

> | [`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est) | [P4est.jl](https://github.com/trixi-framework/P4est.jl) |
> |------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
> | `sc_MPI_Comm`                                  | `MPI.MPI_Comm`                                          |
> | `MPI_Datatype`                                 | `MPI.MPI_Datatype`                                      |
> | `MPI_File`                                     | `MPI.MPI_File`                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`p4est`](https://github.com/cburstedde/p4est) | [P4est.jl](https://github.com/trixi-framework/P4est.jl) |
|:-----------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|
| `sc_MPI_Comm`                                  | `MPI.MPI_Comm`                                          |
| `MPI_Datatype`                                 | `MPI.MPI_Datatype`                                      |
| `MPI_File`                                     | `MPI.MPI_File`                                          |
```
To [left-align the tables](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Markdown/#Tables)? Currently:
<img width="532" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3637659/209311442-bfeaf3b1-42dc-4245-8e5e-09c74e7bdbfe.png">
